# La Vieja

#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/WtEDG0-tTvc

#### Deployed Project: https://la-vieja-final-project.vercel.app

#### Description: My project is called "La Vieja" because that is what they call the famous tic tac toe game in my country. The game is played with 2 players on the same computer, each one must put their name on the home page seeing if they want to be X or O. After choosing their names they will go to the game, where there will be a board, a score marker below of names, a display of the next turn and a 15-second counter. The one indicated by the display starts first. When making a move on any empty square, the counter will start, which will stop and restart when the other player plays their turn. If this counter reaches 0, the game will place its respective symbol in the closest place it finds. The winner is whoever makes 3 in a vertical line, 3 in a horizontal line or 3 in a diagonal line. When someone makes one of the previous lines with their symbol, they will have won and one will be added to their score, and the board will be cleared so that the game can begin. Second round, in case of a tie, no one will receive a score and the board will be cleared. The game can be ended at any time with the "Exit" button at the bottom right. The game has a backend created with python and flask that validates the data provided by users and passes it to the game where their names will be displayed. The frontend and the game are made with HTML, JavaScript and Tailwindcss, and the entire project is versioned with git and in a repository on github. All the pages are adapted for cell phones, from the index to the game, I did it using the media queries that came in Tailwindcss and moving the objects with grid or flex respectively. The project contains the standard distribution of a flask project, with some additional files that I use for the deployment on vercel.com, these files are: dockerfile, requirements.txt, vercel.json and venv/ (Virtual Environment). The reason why I made this game as a final project is because I wanted to have a game to play with my friends in class and what better than a tic tac toe game made by me, I loved doing it and I enjoyed their surprised faces even more when I told them that I had done it all, It should be noted that my gf beat me the first time we played. The difficulty of the project on a scale of 10 would be a 6/10, because what cost me the most was making the javascript for the game, I redid the code 2 times to reach the final version. To carry out this project I had to learn to use Visual Studio Code, I installed Linux Lite (Ubuntu distro) for my PC exclusively for development, I also learned git and github because I wanted to keep precise control of what I do (I also researched the different workflows that exist and I stayed with git flow), I also improved my knowledge of JavaScript and learned Tailwindcss because I wanted to have an easy and fast way to style my website, and also since it is a technology that is used a lot currently I wanted to learn it.
